Now, welcome to this next section which is really going to be fun for you.
I want to introduce you to a new class of algorithms called descriptors,
which we can use to uniquely describe key points,
so we can easily find them again another images.
Now, detectors and descriptors,
they are really popular in the research community.
One thing you need in order to have a successful descriptor
next to super performance is a funny name of some kind.
Use fast, or daisy, or sift,
or brisk, or even freak, and you'll make the day.
Now, in this section, I will introduce you to another classical computer vision,
which is called Sift Descriptor.
This method has been proposed 20 years ago,
and it is still one of the best methods around to locate and describe key points.
Sift basically made panoramic image searching possible for example.
Now, the family to which sift belongs is called,
History of Oriented Gradients or HOG for short.
The problem with HOG methods is that they are based on the image gradient,
and you know from Zhao and Tomas,
that this is slow and not suitable for real-time performance.
Now, on the second part of this section,
I want to introduce you to another family called Binary Detectors,
which avoid gradients completely and others super-fast.
One famous family member here is the brisk method.
Which we'll take a look at in greater detail further down in this section here.
Now, once you understood descriptors,
you have two very powerful tools in your hands and you can
locate and match high-quality key points really fast.
That means there's a large number of
cool apps you will be able to develop based on those two concepts.
For example, a collision of vital systems as you will see later in the course.
Also Binary Detectors make it really possible to run algorithms on your smartphone.
So please take a closer look at both methods here;
detectors and descriptors, and see you later in this section.